feat!: Rule Tester checks for missing placeholder data in the message (#18073)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/use/migrate-to-9.0.0.md

**To address:** Update your rule tests to use the new `RuleTester`. To do so, here are some of the common changes you'll need to make:

> * **Be aware of new defaults for `ecmaVersion` and `sourceType`.** By default, `RuleTester` uses the flat config default of `ecmaVersion: "latest"` and `sourceType: "module"`. This may cause some tests to break if their values were expecting the old default of `ecmaVersion: 5` and `sourceType: "script"`. If you'd like to use the old default, you'll need to manually specify that in your `RuleTester` like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Be aware of new defaults for `ecmaVersion` and `sourceType`.** By default, `RuleTester` uses the flat config default of `ecmaVersion: "latest"` and `sourceType: "module"`. This may cause some tests to break if they were expecting the old default of `ecmaVersion: 5` and `sourceType: "script"`. If you'd like to use the old default, you'll need to manually specify that in your `RuleTester` like this:
```

1. **Suggestion messages must be unique.** Because suggestions are typically displayed in an editor as a dropdown list, it's important that no two suggestions for the same lint problem have the same message. Otherwise, it's impossible to know what any given suggestion will do. This additional check runs automatically.
1. **Suggestions must generate valid syntax.** In order for rule suggestions to be helpful, they need to be valid syntax. `RuleTester` now parses the output of suggestions using the same language options as the `code` value and throws an error if parsing fails.
1. **Test cases must be unique.** Identical test cases can cause confusion and be hard to detect manually in a long test file. Duplicates are now automatically detected and can be safely removed.

> 1. **Messages cannot have missing placeholders.** The rule tester now checks if there are `{{ placeholder }}` still in the message as they were not passed via `data` in the respective `context.report`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Messages cannot have unsubstituted placeholders.** The rule tester now checks if there are `{{ placeholder }}` still in the message as they were not passed via `data` in the respective `context.report`.
```

> 1. **Messages cannot have unsubstituted placeholders.** The rule tester now checks if there are `{{ placeholder }}` still in the message as they were not passed via `data` in the respective `context.report`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Messages cannot have unsubstituted placeholders.** The rule tester now checks if there are `{{ placeholder }}` still in the message as their values were not passed via `data` in the respective `context.report`.
```

1. **Suggestions must generate valid syntax.** In order for rule suggestions to be helpful, they need to be valid syntax. `RuleTester` now parses the output of suggestions using the same language options as the `code` value and throws an error if parsing fails.
1. **Test cases must be unique.** Identical test cases can cause confusion and be hard to detect manually in a long test file. Duplicates are now automatically detected and can be safely removed.
1. **`filename` and `only` must be of the expected type.** `RuleTester` now checks the type of `filename` and `only` properties of test objects. If specified, `filename` must be a string value. If specified, `only` must be a boolean value.

> 1. **Messages cannot have unsubstituted placeholders.** The rule tester now checks if there are {% raw %}`{{ placeholder }}` {% endraw %} still in the message as their values were not passed via `data` in the respective `context.report()` call.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **Messages cannot have unsubstituted placeholders.** The `RuleTester` now checks if there are {% raw %}`{{ placeholder }}` {% endraw %} still in the message as their values were not passed via `data` in the respective `context.report()` call.
```

1. **Suggestions must generate valid syntax.** In order for rule suggestions to be helpful, they need to be valid syntax. `RuleTester` now parses the output of suggestions using the same language options as the `code` value and throws an error if parsing fails.
1. **Test cases must be unique.** Identical test cases can cause confusion and be hard to detect manually in a long test file. Duplicates are now automatically detected and can be safely removed.
1. **`filename` and `only` must be of the expected type.** `RuleTester` now checks the type of `filename` and `only` properties of test objects. If specified, `filename` must be a string value. If specified, `only` must be a boolean value.

> 1. **Messages cannot have unsubstituted placeholders.** The rule tester now checks if there are `{{ placeholder }}` still in the message as their values were not passed via `data` in the respective `context.report`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Messages cannot have unsubstituted placeholders.** The rule tester now checks if there are {% raw %}`{{ placeholder }}`{% endraw %} still in the message as their values were not passed via `data` in the respective `context.report()` call.
```

We need to wrap this into `{% raw %}...{% endraw %}`, otherwise this syntax would have a meaning for tools we use to build the site. Here's how it currently looks in this PR's preview (note that the`{{ placeholder }}` text doesn't appear):

![image](https://github.com/eslint/eslint/assets/44349756/71c5de37-00d3-46f8-a936-6797cf097052)

Also, context.report -> context.report() call.

Also, can you add `[#18016](https://github.com/eslint/eslint/issues/18016)` to the list of related issues on line 560 (GitHub doesn't allow me to leave suggestions there)?
